Document advice class name hard coding (#1881)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java-instrumentation: docs/contributing/writing-instrumentation.md

Because OpenTelemetry API has many common default methods (e.g. `Span.current()`),
the `javaagent-api` artifact has a class `Java8BytecodeBridge` which provides static methods
for accessing these default methods from advice.

### Why hard code advice class names?

> Subclasses of `InstrumentationModule` will often implement advice classes static inner classes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subclasses of `InstrumentationModule` will often implement advice classes as static inner classes.
```

> Subclasses of `InstrumentationModule` will often implement advice classes as static inner classes.

Reviewer 2: `transformers()` method belongs to the `TypeInstrumentation` interface and I think it's a bit better to focus on them in this particular gotcha. A module just brings everything together.

```suggestion
Implementations of `TypeInstrumentation` will often implement advice classes as static inner classes.
```

Reviewer 2: It might be useful to mention that it's okay to keep the advice class in the module class or in the package.

These classes are referred to by name in the mappings from method descriptor to advice class,
typically in the `transform()` method.

For instance, this `MyInstrumentationModule` defines a single advice that mathches
on a single `execute` method:

```
transformers.put(
  isMethod().and(named("execute")), 
  MyInstrumentationModule.class.getName() + "$WonderfulAdvice");
```

> Simply referring to the inner class and
> calling `getName()` would be easier to read and understand than

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Simply writing `WonderfulAdvice.class.getName()` would be easier to read and understand than
```

Author: Thanks.

Reviewer: You decided against accepting this suggestion? It is fine, you just send mixed signals here :)

this odd mix of string concatenation...but please NOTE:  **this is intentional** 
and should be maintained.

> Instrumentation modules are typically loaded by the user's classloader, and this 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instrumentation modules are loaded by the agent's classloader, and this 
```

Author: Thanks for clearing me up, I had it backwards!
